Text improvements of the security aspects document (#252)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/security/security.adoc

=== Extension System

> Compared to the apps/extensions in ownCloud 10, the Infinite Scale extensions/services are more secure because they are developed and deployed as standalone services. They communicate via APIs with the core services and therefore can only use specific interfaces instead of having direct access to storages and data. A single  extension which behaves incorrectly cannot corrupt the whole system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compared to the apps/extensions in ownCloud 10, the Infinite Scale extensions/services are more secure because they are developed and deployed as standalone services. They communicate via APIs with the core services and therefore can only use specific interfaces instead of having direct access to storages and data. A single extension which behaves incorrectly cannot corrupt the whole system.
```

=== File-based storage

Infinite Scale is designed to work without a database. This means fewer services are required, which reduces potential vulnerabilities.

=== Golang

> Developing Infinite Scale from scratch, ownCloud decided to switch from PHP to Golang. This eliminates a bunch of security risks that come with PHP, like _Remote File Inclusion_, _Local File Inclusion_ and others. Golang also has a good file system API easing to protect against directory traversal issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Developing Infinite Scale from scratch, ownCloud decided to switch from PHP to Golang. This eliminates a bunch of security risks that come with PHP, like _Remote File Inclusion_, _Local File Inclusion_ and others. Golang also has a good file system API easing the protection against directory traversal issues.
```
